# Repo Content Updater

Manages files across repos in a GitHub org based on [custom properties](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-custom-properties-for-repositories-in-your-organization). 

## Manage Licenses

`repo-content-updater license --github-token ghp_xxx`

Applies a `LICENSE` template to all repos with the custom property `manage-license` set to `yes`. This is split out from the generic managed files so that the property can be set to required org wide and specific "yes" and "no" options (only) provided in a drop down, ensuring a repo either opts in or out of the license specifically.

## Manage Files

`repo-content-updater managed-files --github-token ghp_xxx`

Looks for the `managed-files` custom property on a repo, and parses out a comma separated list of files/groups to include. Files must be referenced by their name in the config file, and groups should be referenced by their group name, prefixed with `group:`.

For example, the value could be: `group:base,go-test`. This would pull in the base group of files and the go-test file.

## Config Format

```yaml
groups:
  - name: base
    templates:
      - dep-review
  
  - name: go
    templates:
      - go-makefile
      - go-dependabot

files:
  - name: go-makefile
    template_name: go-makefile
    repo_path: Makefile

  - name: go-dependabot
    template_name: go-dependabot.yml
    repo_path: .github/dependabot.yml
    alternate_paths:
      - .github/dependabot.yaml

  - name: dep-review
    template_name: dependency-review.yml
    repo_path: .github/workflows/dependency-review.yml
    alternate_paths:
      - .github/workflows/dependency-review.yaml
 ```

`groups` allows combining multiple items from `files` into a single group, making it easier to reference in the custom property

`files` is where every supported template must be listed. 
* `name` is the name to reference the file by in groups or in the custom property.
* `template_name` is the name of the template to use from the supplied templates directory
* `repo_path` is the path within the repo to place the file
* `alternate_paths` is a list of alternate/equivalent paths this template might have been named before being managed. These files will be renamed and updated to the latest version of the template, if present

## Repo Overrides

If you need to override any of the default settings on a per-repo basis, you can create a [.repo-content-updater.yaml](examples/.repo-content-updater.yaml) file in the root of the repo, and configure any overrides there. It must be present in the default branch of the repo to be loaded.

* `pr_target_branch` is the branch to target PRs against. This is the default branch by default, but if this is overridden in the repo, the branch will be created from and targeted against the supplied branch
* `assign_users` is a list of GitHub users to assign the PR to instead of the default review team. If set, the default review team will not be used. This can be used (if desired) in combination with the `assign_group` field of the repo config file
* `assign_group` is a group to assign the created PRs to. This can be used (if desired) in combination with the `assign_users` field of the repo config file
* `commit_prefix` will set a common prefix on any commits generated by this tool.
* `var_overrides` will override the default values for templates with values supplied here
